well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so yeah we're going to talk about the
emails the computer the laptop
that whole event again
we're going to talk about this this
narrative one more time
because we kind of have to
okay if you don't know last year during
the democratic primaries i put out a
video
the video detailed the timeline
surrounding these allegations
okay i did this
and i was not a supporter of joe biden
didn't want him to win the primary
however the reporting was so bad i
couldn't let it slide
when you look at the timeline the story
falls apart
some of the allegations are
impossible without a time machine
it's important to understand the
timeline when you're talking about this
now the meat of the allegation is that
vice president biden used his position
to elevate a family member
that's really what it boils down to and
this is bad
okay i wanted to reach out to president
trump
and ask him how he felt about that
but you know i'm a small-time youtuber
that wasn't likely just like i wanted to
reach out to senior advisor to the
president
ivanka trump or senior adviser to the
president jared kushner
and ask them if they believed president
trump
would elevate family members who were
completely unqualified simply because
they were family members
but alas that's not possible
one other thing i want to get into
before we go too far into this
is the emails that are being discussed
really haven't been verified and
authenticated yet
so it's less than vetted intelligence
not properly vetted not 100 percent
verified
yet the white house and friends well
they're ready to act on this
this is super important we all need to
pay attention to it right now
golly gee whiz i wish they had that
attitude
when the less than 100 verified
intelligence
was about u.s troops and perhaps
somebody targeting them but
that didn't happen because the
administration doesn't care about losers
and suckers
they only care about themselves
okay so to the actual story and it is a
story
the post is saying that a computer
repair shop
run by a pro-trump person apparently
received a laptop from an unidentified
person who never came back to pick it up
and on this laptop there were these
emails that the post found out about
and was able to obtain via steve bannon
and rudy giuliani
because this just screams credibility
it's not like this is how active measure
campaigns are conducted
it's not like this is how disinformation
is distributed except it
is in fact there are experts on this who
are screaming
to get on the news some have already
given interviews because this is
straight out of a textbook
this is how you disseminate information
while hiding the source of the
information you give it to an
unaffiliated third party who is
motivated to distribute it
my uh my gut tells me that's what
we're going to find out happened one of
the experts described this
as a standard tactic in disinformation
operations
um yeah this is it's right out of a
textbook
now to be fair because i try to be fair
the emails haven't been authenticated
and verified they really haven't
so there is a slim possibility that
they're genuine
i don't think that what's contained in
them is quite the smoking gun
that the president believes but i mean i
guess it is a possibility
i'm not really focused on that i'm more
focused on the likelihood that it is
a campaign which leaves me with the
question of whether or not
the white house and friends fell for a
disinformation campaign
or they're perpetrating one because that
seems
a lot more likely to me i'll put the
link to the video on the timeline below
at the end of the day as i said that i
believe the
activities that hunter biden engaged in
me
personally i think they're shady i think
they're unethical
but they're not illegal um and that's
really focused on him kind of leasing
out his name to be on a board of
directors
not the allegations that are being made
because
so far there is no verifiable
authenticated evidence that this is true
is it something we should look into
sure said that back in that back then
um but it's unlikely
it is unlikely that after all of this
time
magically it's going to show up right
before the election
uh this is kind of like the video i put
out these are the text messages
this is the just you know huge claim
that's going to occur said it was going
to happen and here it is
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day